feat: rewrite financial_analysis use case with simpler multi-task async structure (#16)
ag2ai/build-with-ag2: financial_analysis/README.md

# Financial Analysis Multi-Task Demo

This project demonstrates AutoGen's multi-task async chat capabilities through a financial analysis use case. The system coordinates multiple AI agents to analyze market data, investigate trends, and generate comprehensive reports.

## Features
- Multi-agent task coordination
- Sequential task execution with context sharing
- Automated report generation

## Usage
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

## Implementation Details

> The project uses AutoGen's `a_initiate_chats` interface to coordinate specialized agents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses AG2's `initiate_chats` interface to coordinate a sequence of agent chat, i.e., [sequential chat](https://docs.ag2.ai/docs/tutorial/conversation-patterns#sequential-chats):
```

# Financial Analysis Multi-Task Demo

This project demonstrates a sophisticated financial analysis system using AutoGen's multi-task async chat capabilities. The system coordinates multiple AI agents to analyze stock performance, investigate market trends, and generate comprehensive reports.

## Features

- Real-time stock data retrieval and analysis
- Multi-agent coordination for complex financial tasks
- Automated report generation with market insights
- Task dependency management and context sharing

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

Run the demo:
```bash
python main.py
```

The system will:
1. Fetch current stock prices and performance metrics
2. Analyze market trends and factors
3. Generate visualizations
4. Produce a comprehensive report

## Implementation Details

> The project uses AutoGen's `initiate_chats` interface to coordinate multiple specialized agents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project uses AG2's `initiate_chats` interface to coordinate multiple specialized agents:
```
